Go to the GitHub repository and
copy the code to install Docker
Compose.
We recommend using a GPU for
processing, so you will need to
install a script that helps
Docker work with your GPU. You
can copy and paste this from the
code repository and run it.
Once installed, there should be
an output from a tool called
Nvidia smi and you should be
able to see your GPU here. If
you don't see it, you might have
to do some additional
troubleshooting. You'll then
need to run the command 'make
run' from within the code base
folder. If you don't have the
'make' utility installed, you'll
get prompted with the
instructions on how to install
it from Linux. The programme
will now walk you through the
configuration steps. Type out
the full path of the folder
where the videos you wish to
analyse are stored. Then it will
ask you if you want CPU or GPU
processing, use your arrow keys
and enter to pick the
appropriate one, we recommend
GPU. Next you have a couple of
options. So when code changes
are made to the code base, we
provide a prebuilt compiled
version of the tool to Docker
Hub which stores precompiled
images. The options are you can
1. take the recommended
production images.  2. You can
take the bleeding edge dev
images which includes new
features at the test stage. Or
you can 3. build your own from
the source code which you can
download if you don't want to
use the pre-built version. If
you're going to upload in order
to share between partners and
collaborate you can choose if
you want to encrypt the secrets
used to connect, which we
recommend doing, or not. Now it
will start the long process of
pulling down the various
containers we need. The time it
takes will change based on your
network speed and hard drive
speed. Once it is complete you
can start processing either by
staying in terminal, or follow
the link in the readme to use
the front end user interface.